<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>About</title>
        <link href="css/dostoevsky.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>About the Project</h1>
        <!--#include virtual="inc/menu.xhtml" -->
        <h2>Site Navigation</h2>
        <p>The site's "Methodology" page details the way in which the markup and visualizations were
            produced. The "Text" page has two dropdown menus: one with links to each of the work's
            thirteen chapters, and another that lists Goliadkin's voicings. To see the voices as
            they appear in the text, click on the labels that appear under "Voices of Goliadkin."
            Once clicked on, portions of the text should highlight in a color that corresponds to
            the color of the label in the menu. The "timid" voicings appear in blue, while the
            "confident" and "mocking" voices appear in orange and purple, respectively. "Goliadkin's
            Route" provides a map of Goliadkin's walk through Petersburg at the end of chapter five.
            Click on the dots on the map to see the portions of the chapter that correspond to the
            locations on the map. The "Results" page contains all generated visualizations and the
            project's conclusion.</p>
        <h2>Background</h2>
        <p> First published in 1846, Fyodor Dostoevskii's <em>The Double</em> [<em>Двойник</em>]
            chronicles the mind of Yakov Petrovich Goliadkin—a Petersburg titular councillor—as he
            is confronted by a living mirror image of himself; moreover, this mirror image possesses
            all the qualities Goliadkin deems lacking in himself. The original Goliadkin is referred
            to as Goliadkin Senior [<em>Голядкин-старший</em>], while his double is referenced as
            Goliadkin Junior [<em>Голядкин-младший</em>]. Where Goliadkin Senior lacks confidence
            and performs poorly in social situations, Goliadkin Junior is charming and quickly
            outperforms his Senior at their place of work. The appearance of the titular double
            occurs following a social experience so humiliating, Goliadkin states that "Mr.
            Goliadkin was killed—killed entirely, in the full sense of the word" [<em>«Господин
                Голядкин был убит—убит вполне, в полном смысле слова»</em>]: in this rejection of
            the self, Goliadkin's consciousness manifests an alternate, superior version of the
            self, Goliadkin Junior. By the end of the story, Goliadkin's self-consciousness shatters
            further, and he begins to feel surrounded by other manifestations of himself; the story
            ends with his journey to an asylum. </p>
        <p>The project explores Goliadkin’s self-consciousness through quantification of his inner
            and external dialogue, utilizing Mikhail Bakhtin’s theoretical text <em>Problems of
                Dostoevsky’s Poetics</em> as a basis for the analysis. In this work, Bakhtin
            introduces ideas of dialogism and polyphony to literary criticism, asserting that
            Dostoevsky innovated a type of polyphonic novel that is characterized by dialogic speech
            acts made by recognizably different voices of different characters, each of whom are
            fully equal and thus not subordinate to the authorial or narratorial voice. This
            dialogic discourse allows a plurality of consciousness and affirms multiple points of
            worldview. Bakhtin posits that there are three forms of speech: direct, indirect, and
            free indirect, as well as three forms of emotional valence in Goliadkin’s speech acts:
            timid, self-confident, and mocking.</p>
        <p>Through our research, we would like to re-examine and develop Bakhtin’s literary analysis
            of Dostoevskii’s works, with an emphasis on self-consciousness or self-reflexiveness of
            the characters, beginning with <em>The Double</em>. For further research, the project
            would develop in two different directions: analyses of Gogol’s works and their influence
            on <em>The Double</em>, or analyses of Dostoevskii’s further development of dialogism and
            the theme of the double in his later novels, such as <em>The Possessed</em> and <em>The
                Karamazov Brothers</em>. Information on the project can be found on <a
                href="https://github.com/EmmaSchwarz/computational-dostoevsky" target="_blank"
                >Github.</a></p>
        <!--#include virtual="inc/license.xhtml" -->
    </body>
</html>
