# Description and Conclusion

For the bar graphs, the number of verbs were counted and listed according to addressivity and loudness of verbs to observe Goliadkin’s speech patterns at one sight. As expected, the verb “think” is used most: Goliadkin’s speeches mainly consist of internal dialogues rather than speaking out loud or addressing the other characters. However, despite the highest number of “think,”  the verbs that addresses the others, rather than Goliadkin himself have high numbers, as well. Even though the exact number of the occurrences of the verbs are not important, the externalized dialogues are counted as 108 by adding up the number of the verbs from “shout” to “whisper,” his internalized dialogues turns out to be 130.  
In this vein, the pie charts for the word counts in Goliadkin’s speeches turned out to be useful along with the verb bar graphs which shows the general frequency of the speeches. In order to be precise, the two pie charts that respectively shows the word-count and character-count were created, which returned almost the same result. The three charts expose that among the whole Goliadkin’s speech, his internal dialogues occupy approximately 55% while his external dialogues occupy 45%. Regardless of meaningfulness or communicability of conversations between the characters, his talking to the others, including the double, the externalized body of himself, consist almost half of his actions and facilitate inner speech and actions. (Are they necessary for “dramatized confession,” as the Double is often described?) 

For the bubble chart, the bubbles are intended to show the frequency of each character’s speech occurrences in each chapter in order to compare the pie charts,   

But the previous visualizations do not show the intersection of the voices, which is Bakhtin’s main idea. According to Bakhtin, Goliadkin, his double, and the narrator pick on the words (Bakhtin 217) 
The stacked bar charts show the patterns of the selected words from the text. The words do not only show 

